components/Banner/README.md, before:


<!--docs:
title: "Material Banners"
layout: detail
section: components
excerpt: "A banner displays a prominent message and related optional actions."
iconId: 
path: /catalog/material-banners/
-->

# Banners

[![Open bugs badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json.svg?label=open%20bugs&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.github.com%2Fsearch%2Fissues%3Fq%3Dis%253Aopen%2Blabel%253Atype%253ABug%2Blabel%253A%255BBanner%255D&query=%24.total_count)](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-ios/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Atype%3ABug+label%3A%5BBanner%5D)

A [banner](https://material.io/components/banners) displays a prominent message and related optional actions.

![Hero image of a banner showing a transaction error message](docs/assets/banner-hero.png)

## Contents

* [Using banners](#using-banners)
* [Banner](#banner)
* [Theming](#theming)

## Using banners

### Installing

Add the following to your `Podfile`:

```bash
pod 'MaterialComponents/Banner'
```
<!--{: .code-renderer.code-renderer--install }-->

Then, run the following command:

```bash
pod install
```

To use the `MDCBannerView` in your code, import the MaterialBanner umbrella header (Objective-C) or MaterialComponents module (Swift).

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
import MaterialComponents.MaterialBanner
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
#import "MaterialBanner.h"
```

<!--</div>-->

### Making banners accessible

The system will set `accessibilityLabel` for the elements in the banner that contain text. As always, you are free to change these labels if it leads to a better VoiceOver expoerience. Consider setting an `accessibilityLabel` on the image view.

The only non-standard accessibiility API exposed on `MDCBannerView` is `mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory`, which is an alternative to `adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory` that is specific to the MDC iOS library. Eventually we will deprecate and delete `mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory`.

## Types

On iOS there is just one type of banner.

## Banner

![Banner with the words "banner text" and a dismiss button](docs/assets/banner-example.png)

A banner displays an important, succinct message, and provides actions for users to address (or dismiss the banner). It requires a user action to be dismissed.

Banners should be displayed at the top of the screen, below a top app bar. They’re persistent and nonmodal, allowing the user to either ignore them or interact with them at any time. Only one banner should be shown at a time.

By default, `MDCBannerView` is configured to display an image view, a text label and two buttons. To hide the image view on `MDCBannerView`, users can set the `hidden` property on `imageView` to be true. Similarly, users can hide a button on the banner view by setting the `hidden` property on `trailingButton` to be true.

By default, `MDCBannerView` is configured to display items with black text and white background with a grey divider at the bottom of the view. To customize the color and style of the text, image view and buttons displayed on `MDCBannerView`, directly set the relevant properties, such as `tintColor`, on `textView`, `imageView`, `leadingButton` and `trailingButton`. `showsDivider` and `dividerColor` can be used to control the divider's visibility and color.

`MDCBannerView` layouts are configurable through the `bannerViewLayoutStyle` property. This property can be set to either `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleAutomatic`, `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleSingleRow`, `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleMultiRowStackedButton`, or `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleMultiRowAlignedButton`.	

`MDCBannerView` uses `layoutMargins` to manage the margins for elements on the banner view.

The following is a typical setup for an `MDCBannerView`.

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
let bannerView = MDCBannerView()
bannerView.textView.text = "Banner text"
bannerView.mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory = true

let button = bannerView.leadingButton
button.setTitle("Dismiss", for: .normal)
bannerView.trailingButton.hidden = true
bannerView.imageView.hidden = true
bannerView.showsDivider = true

addSubview(bannerView)
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
MDCBannerView *bannerView = [[MDCBannerView alloc] init];
bannerView.textView.text = @"Banner text";
bannerView.mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory = YES;

MDCButton *button = bannerView.leadingButton;
[button setTitle:@"Dismiss" forState:UIControlStateNormal];
bannerView.trailingButton.hidden = YES;
bannerView.imageView.hidden = YES;
bannerView.showsDivider = YES;

[self addBannerView:bannerView];
```
<!--</div>-->

## Anatomy and key properties

![Banner anatomy diagram showing an image thumbnail, example text, and two text buttons](docs/assets/banner-anatomy.png)

Banners consist of the following:

1. Image view (optional)
2. Container
3. Text
4. Buttons

### Image view attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                | Related method(s) | Default value
-------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------- | -------------
**Image view**       | `imageView`              | `-[MDCBannerView imageView]` | N/A
**Image**            | `imageView.image`        | `-[UIImageview setImage:]` <br/> `-[UIImageview image]` | N/A

### Container attributes	

&nbsp;                  | Attribute                         | Related method(s)                               | Default value
----------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------
**Color**               | `backgroundColor`  | `-[MDCBannerView setBackgroundColor:]` <br/> `-[MDCBannerView backgroundColor]` | White

### Text attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                | Related method(s) | Default value
-------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------- | -------------
**Text**             | `textView.text`          | `-[UITextView setText:]` <br/> `-[UITextView text]` | `nil`
**Color**            | `textView.text`          | `-[UITextView setTextColor:]` <br/> `-[UITextView textColor]` | Black
**Typography**       | `textView.font`          | `-[UITextView setFont:]` <br/> `-[UITextView font]`  | Body 2 font

### Button attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                  | Related method(s)    | Default value
-------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------- | -------------
**Leading button**   | `leadingButton`            | `-[MDCBannerVieiw leadingButton]` | N/A
**Trailing button**  | `trailingButton`            | `-[MDCBannerVieiw trailingButton]` | N/A

## Theming

`MDCBannerView` supports Material Theming using a container scheme.

Here is an example of a Banner with the Shrine theme applied to it.

![Banner with dummy text description and text button labeled "dismiss"](docs/assets/shrine-banner.png)

To theme your banner, first add the following to your `Podfile`:

```ruby
pod 'MaterialComponents/Banner+Theming'
```

Then, import the relevant target or file and call the theming method.

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
// Import the Banner theming module
import MaterialComponents.MaterialBanner_Theming
...
// Create or use your app's Container Scheme
let containerScheme = MDCContainerScheme()
// Theme the banner with either default theme
banner.applyTheme(withScheme: containerScheme)
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
// Import the Tabs Theming Extensions header
#import <MaterialComponents/MaterialBanner+Theming.h>
...
 // Create or use your app's Container Scheme
MDCContainerScheme *containerScheme = [[MDCContainerScheme alloc] init];
 // Theme the banner with either default theme
[self.bannerView applyThemeWithScheme:containerScheme];
```
<!--</div>-->

Commit message:

[ProgressView] Add ProgressIndicators.md for material.io
The Material progress indicator component is broken down into two distinct iOS components, ProgressView and ActivityIndicator. This PR adds a new markdown file, `ProgressIndicators.md`, to be displayed for the progress indicator component on material.io, and leaves both the ProgressView and ActivityIndicator READMEs intact.

Preview the doc here: https://github.com/andrewoverton/material-components-ios/blob/material-io-progress-indicators/components/ProgressView/ProgressIndicators.md

Closes https://github.com/material-components/material-components-ios/pull/10136

COPYBARA_INTEGRATE_REVIEW=https://github.com/material-components/material-components-ios/pull/10136 from andrewoverton:material-io-progress-indicators 4daaa8cd80cd9bbf44c7d642324b591def841934
PiperOrigin-RevId: 345734425

components/Banner/README.md, after:


<!--docs:
title: "Material Banners"
layout: detail
section: components
excerpt: "A banner displays a prominent message and related optional actions."
iconId: 
path: /catalog/material-banners/
-->

# Banners

[![Open bugs badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json.svg?label=open%20bugs&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.github.com%2Fsearch%2Fissues%3Fq%3Dis%253Aopen%2Blabel%253Atype%253ABug%2Blabel%253A%255BBanner%255D&query=%24.total_count)](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-ios/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Atype%3ABug+label%3A%5BBanner%5D)

A [banner](https://material.io/components/banners) displays a prominent message and related optional actions.

![Hero image of a banner showing a transaction error message](docs/assets/banner-hero.png)

## Contents

* [Using banners](#using-banners)
* [Banner](#banner)
* [Theming](#theming)

## Using banners

### Installing

Add the following to your `Podfile`:

```bash
pod 'MaterialComponents/Banner'
```
<!--{: .code-renderer.code-renderer--install }-->

Then, run the following command:

```bash
pod install
```

To use the `MDCBannerView` in your code, import the MaterialBanner umbrella header (Objective-C) or MaterialComponents module (Swift).

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
import MaterialComponents.MaterialBanner
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
#import "MaterialBanner.h"
```

<!--</div>-->

### Making banners accessible

The system will set `accessibilityLabel` for the elements in the banner that contain text. As always, you are free to change these labels if it leads to a better VoiceOver expoerience. Consider setting an `accessibilityLabel` on the image view.

The only non-standard accessibiility API exposed on `MDCBannerView` is `mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory`, which is an alternative to `adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory` that is specific to the MDC iOS library. Eventually we will deprecate and delete `mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory`.

## Types

On iOS there is just one type of banner.

## Banner

![Banner with the words "banner text" and a dismiss button](docs/assets/banner-example.png)

A banner displays an important, succinct message, and provides actions for users to address (or dismiss the banner). It requires a user action to be dismissed.

Banners should be displayed at the top of the screen, below a top app bar. They’re persistent and nonmodal, allowing the user to either ignore them or interact with them at any time. Only one banner should be shown at a time.

By default, `MDCBannerView` is configured to display an image view, a text label and two buttons. To hide the image view on `MDCBannerView`, users can set the `hidden` property on `imageView` to be true. Similarly, users can hide a button on the banner view by setting the `hidden` property on `trailingButton` to be true.

By default, `MDCBannerView` is configured to display items with black text and white background with a grey divider at the bottom of the view. To customize the color and style of the text, image view and buttons displayed on `MDCBannerView`, directly set the relevant properties, such as `tintColor`, on `textView`, `imageView`, `leadingButton` and `trailingButton`. `showsDivider` and `dividerColor` can be used to control the divider's visibility and color.

`MDCBannerView` layouts are configurable through the `bannerViewLayoutStyle` property. This property can be set to either `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleAutomatic`, `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleSingleRow`, `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleMultiRowStackedButton`, or `MDCBannerViewLayoutStyleMultiRowAlignedButton`.	

`MDCBannerView` uses `layoutMargins` to manage the margins for elements on the banner view.

The following is a typical setup for an `MDCBannerView`.

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
let bannerView = MDCBannerView()
bannerView.textView.text = "Banner text"
bannerView.mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory = true

let button = bannerView.leadingButton
button.setTitle("Dismiss", for: .normal)
bannerView.trailingButton.hidden = true
bannerView.imageView.hidden = true
bannerView.showsDivider = true

addSubview(bannerView)
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
MDCBannerView *bannerView = [[MDCBannerView alloc] init];
bannerView.textView.text = @"Banner text";
bannerView.mdc_adjustsFontForContentSizeCategory = YES;

MDCButton *button = bannerView.leadingButton;
[button setTitle:@"Dismiss" forState:UIControlStateNormal];
bannerView.trailingButton.hidden = YES;
bannerView.imageView.hidden = YES;
bannerView.showsDivider = YES;

[self addBannerView:bannerView];
```
<!--</div>-->

## Anatomy and key properties

![Banner anatomy diagram showing an image thumbnail, example text, and two text buttons](docs/assets/banner-anatomy.png)

Banners consist of the following:

1. Image view (optional)
2. Container
3. Text
4. Buttons

### Image view attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                | Related method(s) | Default value
-------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------- | -------------
**Image view**       | `imageView`              | `-[MDCBannerView imageView]` | N/A
**Image**            | `imageView.image`        | `-[UIImageview setImage:]` <br/> `-[UIImageview image]` | N/A

### Container attributes	

&nbsp;                  | Attribute                         | Related method(s)                               | Default value
----------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------
**Color**               | `backgroundColor`  | `-[MDCBannerView setBackgroundColor:]` <br/> `-[MDCBannerView backgroundColor]` | White

### Text attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                | Related method(s) | Default value
-------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------- | -------------
**Text**             | `textView.text`          | `-[UITextView setText:]` <br/> `-[UITextView text]` | `nil`
**Color**            | `textView.text`          | `-[UITextView setTextColor:]` <br/> `-[UITextView textColor]` | Black
**Typography**       | `textView.font`          | `-[UITextView setFont:]` <br/> `-[UITextView font]`  | Body 2 font

### Button attributes

&nbsp;               | Attribute                  | Related method(s)    | Default value
-------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------- | -------------
**Leading button**   | `leadingButton`            | `-[MDCBannerVieiw leadingButton]` | N/A
**Trailing button**  | `trailingButton`            | `-[MDCBannerVieiw trailingButton]` | N/A

## Theming

`MDCBannerView` supports Material Theming using a container scheme.

Here is an example of a Banner with the Shrine theme applied to it.

![Banner with dummy text description and text button labeled "dismiss"](docs/assets/shrine-banner.png)

To theme your banner, first add the following to your `Podfile`:

```ruby
pod 'MaterialComponents/Banner+Theming'
```

<!--{: .code-renderer.code-renderer--install }-->

Then run the installer:

```bash
pod install
```

From there, import the relevant target or file and call the theming method.

<!--<div class="material-code-render" markdown="1">-->
#### Swift

```swift
// Import the Banner theming module
import MaterialComponents.MaterialBanner_Theming
...
// Create or use your app's Container Scheme
let containerScheme = MDCContainerScheme()
// Theme the banner with either default theme
banner.applyTheme(withScheme: containerScheme)
```

#### Objective-C

```objc
// Import the Banner Theming Extensions header
#import <MaterialComponents/MaterialBanner+Theming.h>
...
 // Create or use your app's Container Scheme
MDCContainerScheme *containerScheme = [[MDCContainerScheme alloc] init];
 // Theme the banner with either default theme
[self.bannerView applyThemeWithScheme:containerScheme];
```
<!--</div>-->
