# Catalog by convention

This app is dynamically generated by taking advantage of CocoaPods wildcards. The Podfile for the
catalog adds all Material components. It also adds any example source that matches a wildcard like
`components/*/examples/*.{h,m,swift}`. Check out `material-components-ios-catalog.podspec` for the
most up-to-date paths.

At runtime, the app enumerates all instances of UIViewController that respond to the
`+catalogHierarchy` class method. This method is expected to return an array of strings that define
the "breadcrumbs" for how to navigate from the root view controller to that view controller in the
catalog app. Other view controllers could define matching strings if they by convention should be
grouped together.

## Building the app

We use CocoaPods to manage the dependencies of this app. To generate the dependent projects, run
the following within the `catalog/` directory of this repo:

    pod install

This will update the MDCCatalog.xcworkspace.

Open the workspace and ensure that the "MDCCatalog" target is selected.

Build and run the app.

## Adding examples

Let's build a hypothetical example for the "Ink" component.

The first step is to create a source file. This can be either a .m or a .swift; whichever you
prefer. Place this source file in the component's `examples/` directory, like so:

> View controller names must be globally-unique across every component's example set. An easy way
> to ensure this is to prefix the controller with the name of the component.

    components/Ink/examples/InkDemoViewController.m

Note that, like unit tests, you likely won't need to create a .h file for your example.

You can now create the view controller class.

    #import <UIKit/UIKit.h>

    @interface InkDemoViewController : UIViewController
    @end

    @implementation InkDemoViewController

    // TODO: Support other categorizational methods.
    + (NSArray *)catalogHierarchy {
      return @[ @"Ink", @"README demo" ];
    }

    @end

The `catalogHierarchy` method is the mechanism by which you define *where* the example lives in the
catalog app. It is easiest to think of the values as a list of breadcrumbs.

To add the example to the Catalog app, simply run pod install in the catalog/ directory again:

    catalog/ $ pod install

Build and run and you'll see your example listed in the app's hierarchy.
